Title: FAQs
----
SubTitle: I want to know more
----
Text: ###What can I expect?
Basically, church is meant to be ENJOYED NOT ENDURED! There will be uplifting music, friendly people and positive teaching that we believe will encourage you in whatever stage of life you are currently in!

###Do I have to become a church member?
Berlin Connect is for EVERYONE, you are welcome to come and go as you please! Our message is Jesus, not church membership. People get involved in church and community as a result of meeting Jesus… that’s what it’s all about.

###Are you from America? Are you after money? Are you Scientologists?
NO, NO & NO to all 3  (nothing personal to our USA-friends ☺).

###Are you a cult or sect?
No: We are a new local protestant church that started 5 years ago. The Pastors studied for 5 years at Hillsong International Leadership College in Australia and receive training in Church leadership and biblical theology. Berlin Connect was birthed out of Hillsong London as a connect group and has progressed into a vibrant, dynamic local church. Berlin Connect is a legal non-profit charitable organisation with church purposes, accountable to the german law and Finanzamt and is independent from the state church. We are a part of the Hillsong family and network.


###Can I bring my kids?
Yes, for sure! We have a great kids program for children and youth up to 15 years. Our team is very passionate about children and their personal experience.

###Does it cost money to come?
No way! God’s House is for anyone and everyone, there is no charge for coming along. The local church is for all people of all ages, so you're welcome to bring along your friends and family and just enjoy! (No perfect people allowed)

###Can I still come if I have doubts?
Yes, for sure! The message is not "change, then come". No, it's "come as you are and receive God's kindness and grace through the Gospel." Transformation comes as we look to Christ and learn to trust God’s character in every area of our lives. Come and see for yourself and then go & share with others.

###Do you have to believe in the Bible?
Anyone is welcome - people with doubts, sceptics, and believers, hurt, broken, healthy and well. We are all learning that the Bible is not a book of religious quotes. It's "A WHOLE PERSON" CALLED JESUS! When you read the Bible with a mindset of "What you have to do to please God?" you can always feel like you don’t measure up. But when we have a different mindset about the Bible and begin to realise that the Bible is about Christ and what He has done to please God on our behalf, it brings a deep joy that frees us to enjoy our relationship with God.

###Will I have to give money in the offering?
Every offering taken at Church is a FREEWILL offering. Tithing is a biblical principle of putting God first and honoring Him. People who come to Berlin Connect have the opportunity to contribute to building God’s house as a response to receiving Jesus and His grace for their life. Giving is choosing to live God's way.

###How is Berlin Connect supported financially?
Berlin Connect is independent of the state church and government system and does not receive any church tax or funding from the government. We operate within the legal requirements of the Finanzamt as a charity with church purposes. All our finances come from the freewill giving of tithes & offerings from the people who call Berlin Connect their home. Our accounts are managed in a professional manner with an independent accounts company.

###Why gather?
There is strength in unity that builds community. We gather to learn about hope, love and faith that come from trusting in Jesus and His kindness towards us. We gather to give thanks to the faithfulness of God in our lives. We come as we are and discover transformation by receiving God's love and choosing to trust in the finished work of Christ on the cross.

###What’s the vision?
To REPOSITION Jesus & His Church in the minds of secular Europe by building a large, CHRIST CENTRED bible-based church in the heart of Berlin, CHANGING MINDSETS and EMPOWERING PEOPLE to lead and impact in every sphere of life.

###Why another church?
* 3.5 million people.
* A city positioned in the heart of Europe, connecting West & East.
* A city that is international, multicultural & diverse.
* A city full of opportunity & potential.
* A younger generation's desire to move on from the past.
* A city that is re-emerging as an important international centre.
* Because God cares and wants to see His Church established.
* Because His people care about establishing His Church in this great city.
* The Church is not what you think it is? And the Church is more than you think it is?
* The Church is God's solution for all humanity.
* Berlin Connect is about playing our part in serving and contributing to the well-being of the people and city of Berlin.

###What do we believe?
We believe that the Bible is God's Word. It is accurate, authoritative and applicable to our everyday lives.

We believe in one eternal God who is the Creator of all things. He exists in three Persons: God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit. He is totally loving and completely holy.

We believe that sin has separated each of us from God and His purpose for our lives.

We believe that the Lord Jesus Christ as both God and man is the only One who can reconcile us to God. He lived a sinless and exemplary life, died on the cross in our place, and rose again to prove His victory and empower us for life.

We believe that in order to receive forgiveness and the 'new birth' we must repent of our sins, believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and submit to His will for our lives.

We believe that in order to live the holy and fruitful lives that God intends for us, we need to be baptised in water and be filled with the power of the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit enables us to use spiritual gifts, including speaking in tongues.

We believe in the power and significance of the Church and the necessity of believers to meet regularly together for fellowship, prayer and the 'breaking of bread'.

We believe that God has individually equipped us so that we can successfully achieve His purpose for our lives, which is to worship God, fulfil our role in the Church and serve the community in which we live.

We believe that God wants to heal and transform us so that we can live healthy and blessed lives in order to help others more effectively.

We believe that our eternal destination of either Heaven or hell is determined by our response to the Lord Jesus Christ.

We believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is coming back again as He promised.

----