Id: kindness

----

Umbrella: Social

----

Slatesize: rectangle

----

Title: City Kindness

----

Intro: Expressing kindness globally and locally.

----

Text: Our desire is that all who call Berlin Connect home are involved in expressing kindness locally and globally. Whilst we can personally express kindness to those in our community we also join collectively to empower the more vulnerable in our city, working primarily through our Dinner Parties and Sisterhood. 

Globally we partner with the following strategic organisations.

###The A21 Campaign - Stopping human trafficking.

The A21 Campaign stands for abolishing injustice in the 21st century.
When confronted with the horrific statistics surrounding human trafficking, it is easy to agree on the fact that "someone should do something". The A21 Campaign was born when the decision was made to raise our hand and be that "someone". It was a decision of ordinary people who decided to take responsibility regarding the issue of human trafficking.

**The A21 campaign:**
- Prevents people from being trafficked
- Protects and supports those who have been trafficked
- Prosecutes traffickers and strengthens legal responses to trafficking
- Partners with law enforcement, service providers and community members to provide a comprehensive front against trafficking.

We support the A21 campaign through various projects such as our Dinner Parties with purpose, charity parties or through the profit of sandwiches, cookies and cakes on Sundays. (link:http://www.thea21campaign.org/ text:Click here) to get more information and support the A21 campaign.

###Compassion - Sponsoring children in Uganda.

Compassion is a child sponsorship organization that is committed to the spiritual, economic, social and physical development of children living in extreme poverty in 26 countries, enabling them to become responsible, fulfilled Christian adults.

Children are clearly the greatest victims of poverty. Of the 2.2 billion children in our world today, nearly half of them live in desperate conditions. But it is these children who hold the potential to break the cycle of deprivation for future generations.

Compassion has over 50 years of experience working with some of the poorest communities in the world. During that time, more than one million children have been assisted by Compassion.

We support Compassion through contributing to the global Compassion Sunday as well as through individual sponsors in our church. (link:http://www.compassion-de.org/ text:Click here) to get more information and support Compassion.

###Charity: water - Changing lives with clean water.

Charity: water is a non-profit organization bringing clean and safe drinking water to people in developing nations. There are 800 million people on the planet who don't have clean water.

A water well will provide clean water for a community of up to 500 people. Charity: water works by the 100% model: 100% of all donations to Charity: water go directly to the field to fund water projects.

Every year we take part in the annual "Berliner Wasserbetriebe 5x5 km TEAM-Staffel" relay race to raise funds for Charity: water addressing the global water crisis. Since 2011, the Charity: water annual relay race has raised $24,929 (€18,244) for clean water projects serving 1149 people in rural Ethiopian communities. (link:http://www.charitywater.org/ text:Click here) to get more information and support Charity: water.

###Vision Rescue - Rescuing street children in Mumbai, India.

Vision Rescue is a non-profit organisation involved in feeding, providing non-formal education, medical help, skill training and other kinds of help to addicted and abused street children.

Biju Thampy founded the ministry in 2004 after seeing the enormous need and feeling compelled to step in and make a difference even if it was only for one child.

Vision Rescue now run four buses in Mumbai where children are given food and a non-formal education with the aim of graduating into vocational training, as well a medical van and a mobile dental unit. Their work has expanded out beyond helping the street children to include working with Mumbai’s prostitutes, drug addicts and other vulnerable groups in the city.
Another project from Vision Rescue is the Dream Centre, a shelter and transition home for trafficked girls.

We support Vision Rescue through our Dinner Parties with purpose and organizing charity parties. (link: http://www.visionrescue.org.in/ text: Click here) to get more information and support Vision Rescue.