Title: Imprint
----
SubTitle: The legal stuff
----
Text: Berlin Christian Life Centre e.V.
Weinbergsweg 24
D-10119 Berlin
Germany
Registered as a charity with Amtsgericht Charlottenburg, Registration No. VR 27694 B

###Responsible for content:

David Berndt
Phone: +49(0)174 3463491
Email: dberndt@berlinclc.de

###Liability for content

We make every effort to keep the information on our website current, but accept no liability whatsoever for the content provided. Pursuant to §7 par. 1 of TMG (German Tele-Media Act), the law limits our responsibility as a service provider to our own content on these web pages.

According to §§8 to 10 of TMG, we are not obligated to monitor third party information provided or stored on our website. However, we shall promptly remove any content upon becoming aware that it violates the law. Our liability in such an instance shall commence at the time we become aware of the respective violation.

###Liability for links

Our site contains links to third-party websites. We have no influence whatsoever on the information on these websites and accept no guaranty for its correctness. The content of such third-party sites is the responsibility of the respective owners/providers.
At the time third-party websites were linked to ours, we found no grounds whatsoever of any likely contravention of the law. We shall promptly delete a link upon becoming aware that it violates the law.

###Copyrights

The content and works provided on these web pages are governed by the copyright laws of Germany. Duplication, processing, distribution, or any form of commercialization of such material beyond the scope of the copyright law shall require the prior written consent of its respective author or creator.

###Data protection

Please be aware that there are inherent security risks in transmitting data, such as e-mails, via the Internet, because it is impossible to safeguard completely against unauthorized access by third parties. Nevertheless, we shall safeguard your data, subject to this limitation. In particular, personal information will be transmitted via the Internet only if it does not infringe upon third-party rights, unless the respective party has given its prior consent in view of such security risks. Accordingly, as the website provider, we shall not be held liable for any damages incurred as a consequence of such security risks or for any related acts of omission on our part.

###Data protection for the usage of Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files, that are saved on your computer and allow for an analysis of your usage of the website. The information created by the cookie (including your IP address) is transfered to a Google server in the USA and is stored there. Google will use this information to analyze your usage of the website, to report website activities for the owner of the website and to provide further survices related to the website and internet usage. Google may also give this information to third parties, if this is a legal requirement or if third parties process this information on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with other data of Google Inc. under any circumstances.

You can prohibit the installation of the cookies by a corresponding setting in your browser software; we do, however, make you aware, that in that case you may not be able to use all the functions of this website. By using this website you agree to the usage of your data by Google in the aforementioned manner for the aforementioned purposes.

Source of imprint English version:
twigg’s Übersetzungsbüro; Rechtsanwälte Streifler und Kollegen

----
